Hello, I am, I know that a lot has happened
time but I'm still here I know a lot of people
will not like it but they know that I do not
matter they remember that I told them that
I could not upload videos to this account
well I see that that had only been for
a few days after I changed
account after having left the
loquendo after so many criticisms
so many insults by facebook on youtube
I am here as they are told that the
I was not attracted to him anymore and they know that
it's true I do not watch videos of others what
that of not even the most
I'm not attracted to loquendo anymore
remember all those moments in which
I uploaded videos of the return of
Damn how good those times I
I always took loquendo as a hobby
But guess what I found another hobby
music I love playing the guitar on
piano and mostly sing and little by little
I forgot how fun and loquendo
was when I left this channel I had a few
700 subscribers
and now I go in and I see more than 1400 wow
I was just surprised not to
I can believe how far I could go with
this without even making videos I got to
700 more subscribers I want to tell you
Thank you very much and I love you very much.
let them know that I love my fans in some
I could be a bit stupid and ask
sorry that's all I wanted
say and who knows maybe there is some
surprise in the future intently hip
hop 7,911